Adjust docs to exposing aditional config into serverless cr (#218)
kyma-project/serverless-manager: docs/user/00-20-configure-serverless.md

 - configure the external Docker registry 
 - override endpoint for traces collected by the Serverless Functions
 - override endpoint for eventing

>  - override target CPU utilization percentage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the target CPU utilization percentage
```

 - override function requeue duration

>  - override function build executor arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the Function build executor arguments
```

>  - override function build max simultaneous jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the Function build max simultaneous jobs
```

>  - override healhz liveness timeout

Reviewer 2: "Healthz"

Author: Fixed, thanks

>  - override healthz liveness timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the healthz liveness timeout
```

>  - override function request body limit 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the Function request body limit 
```

>  - override function timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the Function timeout
```

>  - override default build job preset

Reviewer: [Job as a Kubernetes concept](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/) should be capitalized. Unless you're talking about different jobs, then leave it as it is :)
```suggestion
 - override the default build Job preset
```

>  - override default runtime pod preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - override the default runtime Pod preset
```

     eventing:
       endpoint: http://eventing-publisher-proxy.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local/publish
   ```

## Configure target CPU utilization percentage

> You can set a custom target threshold for CPU utilization. The default value is set to 50%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a custom target threshold for CPU utilization. The default value is set to `50%`.
```

```yaml
   spec:
      targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: 50
```

> ## Configure function requeue duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Function requeue duration
```

> By default, the function associated with default configuration will be requeued every 5 minutes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Function associated with the default configuration will be requeued every 5 minutes.  
```

```yaml
   spec:
      functionRequeueDuration: 5m
```

> ## Configure function build executor arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Function build executor arguments
```

> Using this label you can choose the arguments passed to function build executor, for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this label to choose the arguments passed to the Function build executor, for example: 
```

> - `--insecure` - executor should operate in an insecure mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--insecure` - executor operates in an insecure mode
```

> - `--skip-tls-verify` - executor should skip TLS certificate verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--skip-tls-verify` - executor skips the TLS certificate verification
```

> - `--skip-unused-stages` - executor should skip any stages aren't used for the current execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--skip-unused-stages` - executor skips any stages that aren't used for the current execution
```

> - `--log-format=text` - executor should use logs in given format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--log-format=text` - executor uses logs in a given format
```

- `--cache=true` - enables caching for the executor

```yaml
   spec:
      functionBuildExecutorArgs: "--insecure,--skip-tls-verify,--skip-unused-stages,--log-format=text,--cache=true"
```

> ## Configure function build max simultaneous jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Function build max simultaneous jobs
```

> You can set a custom maximum number of simultaneous jobs which can be running at the same time. The default value is set to 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a custom maximum number of simultaneous jobs which can run at the same time. The default value is set to `5`.
```

```yaml
   spec:
      functionBuildMaxSimultaneousJobs: 5
```

> ## Configure healthz liveness timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the healthz liveness timeout
```

> By default, the function will be considered unhealthy if the liveness health check endpoint does not respond within 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Function is considered unhealthy if the liveness health check endpoint does not respond within 10 seconds.
```

```yaml
   spec:
      healthzLivenessTimeout: "10s"
```

> ## Configure function request body limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Function request body limit
```

> This field configures the maximum size limit for the request body of a function. The default value is set to 1 megabyte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this field to configure the maximum size limit for the request body of a Function. The default value is set to `1` megabyte.
```

```yaml
   spec:
      functionRequestBodyLimitMb: 1
```

> ## Configure function timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Function timeout
```

> By default, the maximum execution time limit for a function is set to 180 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the maximum execution time limit for a Function is set to `180` seconds.
```

```yaml
   spec:
      functionTimeoutSec: 180
```

> ## Configure default build job preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the default build Job preset
```

> You can configure the default build job preset to be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the default build Job preset to be used. 
```

```yaml
   spec:
      defaultBuildJobPreset: "normal"
```

> ## Configure default runtime pod preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the default runtime Pod preset
```

> You can configure the default runtime pod preset to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the default runtime Pod preset to be used.
```
